What rhymes with shillin, villain
What rhymes with shmillain, villain
He's a villain..
Yes, he is..
Set it off adrenaline rush, the boys way beyond a pen and the dutch
Stronger than hen a bag of the dust, you need to watch how they acting with us
Now time to get it in gear, get it in right here
Revenge is better than beer, Yo Doom, it's been a minute think they getting it clear (Yeah!)
When brothers reunite, make sure we party right
We rock it all night long even beyond the morning light
It's hard to see him in the light, even harder to see him on the mic
A black Benz beats being on a bike, and he can talk a gay chick outta being a dike
(New Kurious, y'all) Like that y'all, freak freak y'all (At a store near you)
To the beat y'all (Go get it)
Keep it on click fully auto, I won't stop the rock until pockets thick and gordo
More so a risk of sounding poor, bro
No tux  who needs tickets to the award show
Normally cordial, more or less, less is more or no
Hock spit out the cockpit, stuck to the window 'till it's solid as a rock hit
Yes, he is..
He grabbed the mic like two money bags
Waiting for the getaway to count what he had
Thought he was a spaz, but dude kept wrecking
The crowd remote control, keep 'em all guessing
Funny man gave 'em nuttin like a bummy dare
Taught him how to fight wit' a mic and the hottest stab
But that's the life of a villain, and you know after that, chilling
Went places got Gracie don't follow, the big joke ain't no Cola in the Coke bottle
Writing rhymes till the pen go hollow and been flow hotter than the sunshines of Marrow
And get the villain and scheme, if it's not real life it's still in yo' dreams
Like that y'all, like that y'all, like that a like that and like that y'all
What rhymes with thrillin, villain..
What rhymes with stealin, villain..
He's a villain..
Yes, he is..
..That's right, I'll smack the black off of ya, punk!
Villain..
Pushin' on the couch cushion, south side Minneap never lived out in Brooklyn
Kept the faith forget the fame
If they sweat the name let it set the lane
Held mind, cold and hard, had no regard who the chosen are
Who, you? Oh no, you played the Oboe, keep it on the low low
Rappers are candy butterscotch, I'mma let their baby mothers watch
She loves the ock, I touch the spot
Bitch, I'm the itch, that must've got up her crotch, heh
Now stop, fill the buildings
And leave some pills for these little villains
Hey shorty, share the flask
Let me explain why I wear this mask..
Villain!
"I want you to call me at that address if I'm still there
Gonna make sure you get cracked!"