Keep your hoes in check...
(...Super!)
I got this girl and she wants me to duke her
I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said "Super!"
That sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper
No matter what I need her to do, she be like "Super!"
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
On the microphone he flossed the ring "Super!"
Average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper
Out with the moolah, I let her get a outfit
Just to cool her off she said niggas ain't about shit
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
The way it be in her mouth she can't live without it
And can't live with this, handle your business
Villain'll stay on a scandalous ho's shit list
One pack of cookies please, Mr. Hooper
It's fun smacking rookies, he is the "Super!"
Look like a black wookie when he let his beard grow
Weirdo, brown skin'ded always kept his hair low
Rumor has it it's a S-Curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls' backs bent
Some say it's the eyes, some say the accent
A lot of guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her thunder thighs with the fatty swolla
Only mess with high rollers, do what daddy told her
No matter the city she with me to do the thang-thang
Work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang
Same name on the titty as on the name ring
Pretty like Baby D off "All in the Same Gang"
Keep my eye on her, really don't trust her
But I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
And the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
Teach her how to hold it, of course he is the "Super!"
See most cats treat her like Foofur
Or beat her to a stupor, take it from the "Super!"
You need to make her feel cuter
And lay down the G like Luther, everything'll be "Super!"
Do for her, keep her in a new fur
So she look sweet when she go to meet the "Super!"
Got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
Put it in the air, come here, kiss it
Listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
When she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu
Which'll have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo"
Her name on your back in a tattoo
Whether a bourgie broad, nerd ho, street chick
Don't call her Wifey if you met her at the Freaknik
You don't want her don't waste her time, I'll dupe her
And be a father to your child like the "Super!"
He keep his hoes in check
Sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
Tell 'em take his clothes, leave him posing naked for real
Better yet, get him for the check off the record deal
Find out where he keep the Tec and the blue steel
Make sure for extra wreck let him know how you feel
And while he's running down to all star weekend to ball
I'm coming with the U-Haul