Come out to show them
Like, open the bruise up and let some of the bruise blood come out to show them
Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them *storm howls*
Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them... *echoes*
*Guitar sound
Coughing fit*
"Music
Listening to music while stoned is a whole new world
Most cannabis consumers report it second only to sex
And grass will change your musical habits, for the better"
Bad weed right there
*Bong hit*
To' up man
*Coughing*
"America's most blunted!"
"Soon as he start sleepin', catchin' you off guard"
"Me rhythm now, huh?"
"If you'll all gather close around the phonograph"
"Who those motherfuckers comin' in here?
No! It can't be!
"YO!"
 
 
 
 
Where Quas at?
Yo!
DOOM, you got the trees?
"America's most blunted!"
Quas, when he really hit star mode
Never will he boost loose Phillies with the bar-code
Or take a whole carload on a wasted trip
Or sit White Owl laced tip from tip with yip
Some rather baggies others like their cracks in vials
Catch a tag, roll a bag of schwag in a Black & Mild
He twist Optimo, just the raw leaf part
The list top go: bust before beef start
At the Stop-n-Go Mart, actin like a spirit host done it
—"America's most blunted!"—
Yeah, yo
DOOM nominated for the best rolled L's
And they wondered how he dealt with stress so well
Wild guess? You could say he stay sedated
Some say buddha-ed, some say faded
Someday pray that he will grow a farm barn full
Recent research show it's not so darn harmful (true)
Sometimes you might need to detox
It can help you with your rhyme flow and your beat-box
Off spite to your surprise
Turn a Newport Light to a joint right before your eyes
Tear a page out the good book, hear it how you want it
"America's most blunted!"
"Comin' kinda stupid from the station"
"Amazing loops, loops, loops..."
"-the universal"
"The-th-the-best, the-th-best, the-the-the, the best in your perimeter"
 
 
 
 
 
Yo I can't find that nigga Metal Face nowhere (oh alright)
"America's most blunted!"
DOOM! The Madvillain killing mad boom
Consume weed and drink brew 'til we perfume the room
The beat conductor smoke twenty-four/seven
Shady... you can even ask my reverend
Willie knows, how the Phillies roll, really though
I spend my last dough, to pick up the sticky gold
I spark the lah, but don't shh with speed or trees with seeds
Quasimoto crew, we get keyed
The most blunted on the map
The one astro black, in the alley, with a hoodrat
Hoodrat.. when you try to react
Shut the ---- up! Even your pops got smacked
Even your moms got cracked
"Meanwhile!"- While my bowl got packed
*Gulp*, drop X so you can have good sex (What, no)
I smoke dank so I can grow me a shank
I got the fat sack, shh-- all day I hunt it
Who are we... ?
"America's most blunted!"
"Comin' kinda stupid from the station"
"Amazing loops, loops, loops..."
"-the universal"
"America's most blunted!"
Creativity, it's a known fact that grass increases creativity
From eight, to eleven times. In fact, everyone finds that they're
More creative stoned, than straight
So remember:
M-A-R-I-J-U...
*xylophone*
... A-J-U-A-N-A
*xylophone*
Mar-i...
*xylophone*
...juana
*xylophone*
Mari-juana
*xylophone*
*laughter*