Even then I had the uneasy feeling it wasn't young Viktor Vaughn who would need my protection
Motherfuckers, that's why I ain't playin with their ass, that's what's gon' happen to them niggas.... Motherfuckers done fucked up, man. Ain't it some shit like that?
Yo
I'm only rhyming where the drums is at
Y'all niggas think y'all slick with that bullshit bump that
Y'all pay V for flowing to the beat
Not for what he know that got hoes hoeing in the streets
That's for him to know
And for they to never find out
About the kidnap, blind fold, and the blind mouse
The coroner report say he simply signed out
OH and I know
Y'all wanna see a wino? Bring the wine out
Cat with a dead mouse is how he catch a phrase, and pause, plays with it
Kill it
And eat off it for days, get it!
Who ever ain't get it ain't supposed to
For standing still close to
Bandits will ghost you
No shoot, Sherlock
I don't know how they do on your block
Out here we rock on to the sure shot
Shit still ain't stop, keep it on 'til your peeps is gone
V be on the creep, no matter what you keep it on
CD debahh.... oh... [drums stop, so he stops rapping mid sentence]
Aw-... Ya'll motherfuckers... PLAYIN.... motherfu-
V
Catch the beat too ridiculously
People think he study levitation's true mystery
Had a pal named Ed Leedskalnin until he got him for his sweet 16
He said Ed be Wilin'
Rumor has it things got violent
He clobbered him and broke the fuck out
But he ain't try to rob him
I told her don't tell your man. That's the trouble with these chicks
Next experiment:
Twelve strands from double helix
No I haven't seen Kes, Neelix
"Oh yeah?
Why don't you stay away from her with those lyrics"
Please
Ain't nobody fucking after her
I'm out of here as soon as I fix the flux capacitor
And OH, and speak to V in a proper manner
Before he stabs you and put out all types of propaganda
Stop the slander
Chop the hand of a thief
And cut the mouth off of who ever come out they teeth
V sell time to an inmate
And then tell him a rhyme for the hell of it to demonstrate
They know who's the renown beat critic
And do a street lyric like, "That's a neat trick!"
Off on a tangent
They ain't got a cent
Supposed to went to management, and spent it getting bent
Sparky, I had enough of your malarkey
For one, don't mark me and who you calling Darkie?
I had to take the nigga car key!