Cruel world all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel Cruel world all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel Cruel world all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel Cruel world all I'm seeing is darkness
How bout you? How bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how bout you?
How bout you? How bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how bout you?
How bout you? How bout you? I'm finally seeing things from a clear eye view
How bout you? How bout you? I'm seeing things clear now how bout you?
This life is like a mystery, look how the worlds sent to me
Today I'm in the industry, next I'm ended history
Physically won't allow it, my mental is not a coward
Still thoughts are devoured worried bout if nows the hour
Getting showered in this bad news, bombings and capped schools
Need capsules for my brains strain that's the pads route
I express this stress that infests my chest, it's best
The next step is a rope as necklace
That's suicide aside, I got pride in mind
And a pretty bright future guess it's time to grind
My shine, getting impressive though I'm still selective
With who I let give me hard times and who I let live
This world is full of mischief, & bodies tryin' slick tricks
Moving thick bricks, is not the only way to get rich
You, gotta learn the think or you'll fail then
There goes another statistic dead or in jail
Let's prevail
Simply an old soul, villain 'illin' killin' with these flows
Know I can blow impose and you're gonna get disposed
Exposed those who pose, living hopeless no hope
For those jokes still I try to hold they nose so
Sorrow won't drown him, crowds will never clown him
A lot of these laws open jaws when you're brown skin
A cap to your chest, in your complex cuz honest
Your conscious said the guy following you has lost it
Your Aunt just got twenty years it ain't fair
Cause she pulled a gun out but she shot it in the air
Let's prepare for all sorts of courses life offers
Think before you walk this land of cold forces
They want us on porches they want us to forfeit
Luckily we ignored it and still found of all this
Wonderful life and light too
I got a clear view, but how bout you?