From Venus to Mars back to Earth
Back to the HBO satellite
It's showtime, nigga
King Geedorah on the boards (King Geedorah)
MF DOOM, and I am, Mister Fantastik
Expeditiously I be on my grizzly
Feds try to creep me somehow always miss me
Mister Fantastik put the busy in the bee
Rock from the bottom straight to the tizzy
Who is he? He need to get out more
Or either get outta here like some dang outlaw
Standing like Lurch, no herb in the record bin
Called him for a random search from curbside checkin' in
It's on nigga, on and cracking
Like Digg'em, lips be smacking
Running off at the mouth steady talkin' 'bout us
On some shit they overheard but enough is enough
Yeah, It's neither here nor there, black
Warfare in your ear, clack-clack-clack-clack-clack
What's that? You're hearing things! Tat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Be wearing your thinking hat
{Both}
No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now
We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (Are you serious?) (Of course.)
They don't know how we get down when we're out out of town
(Deadly serious) (King Geedorah)
So when you see us in the streets don't be fuckin' around (Perfect)
A hundred things on the re-up, of course I'm living fat
My Mercedes outside, nigga, where yours at?
Top down on a good day, Decatur, out on Wood Way
Got cats thinking should I stay, fuck what the hood say
Niggas wanna rob me now
Bitches wanna slob me now
Hoes didn't holla last year feel sorry now
Practice jumpshot, Reggie Mill', Robert Horry now
The nigga that you with played like Atari now
Lyrically unorthodox, I flow continuous
Never on a straight path, I'm known to bend a twist
Put it down from the suburbs to the tenement
You bet against me but wanna wonder where your money went
I get the cash, take niggas out like trash
Known to stack a mean stash, they used to call me pure math
Back in the days all I did was stay paid
But as they say in the South 'bitch, gimme some head'
Excuse me, Mister, do she got a sister?
Who he not to kiss her? True, she do got a blister
Now the movie plot twists like a Twizzler
If I needed my meat burned I'd go to Sizzler
Getting paid like a biker with the best crank
Spray it like a high-ranked sniper in the West Bank
Type to just blank and don't show much pity
When I'm in the city, I always keep a dutch with me
Touch her titty 'til she ask me where the trees is at
Or tell me don't squeeze that, rats wanna tease a cat
Let the dog beg, wait up, who talking?
DOOM with the hog leg straight up New Yorkin'
{Both}
No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now (That's correct)
We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (King Geedorah)
They don't know how we get down when we're out uptown (I just can't stand the guy)
So when you see us in the streets...