"Ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
..Geedorah has arrived
You guys could take five
By the time it's over...
No snakes alive!
Take the dive, I'm tellin you, you better off
Then up against a flow to make her, take her sweater off
From the set off when it came to scripts he could hardly brag
It's the result of concentration, and lolly-gag
I said "Yeah right" he pulled the mic out a snotty rag
Sealed up air-tight, and wrapped up in a body bag
Get a advance and catch chance writer's block
After spendin the first and last penny
My own worst enemy
Tell me if I'm OD and usual flow
And made deals with these cats who keep sending dough, so
The Three Headed said it, never get busted
He's a man of his word who's not to be trusted
Beats encrypted, multi-faceted encrusted
Sweaty palm, keep mic rusted
*Sort of mellow type of fellow
Who sometimes spaz on wife like Othello
Hell no he won't use words like Illuminati
Or Gotti all shotty might use karate
Azar the Gaza cut I'll ask why a mask
With the gall style caps say nice fly
Exact dough til it stack high, white ho, black
Guy
The rap game, black eye
Exhilaration, Jet Jag's accelerations
Touch speeds minds can't conceive
Achieve altered, altitudes and angles, angels answer
Aura, illumination, awesome interpretation
Awkward alarm, ankle house arrest and who's best?
Monster Island Czars
Crush pawn dreams to be king
A frank reality
Calculation could never be
Quest destined, distant competition dusted
Disgusted raise for second, crowded
Clouded confusion, conclusion: simple, plain
Self education, self-made millionaires
Serpents slitherin', sidewind searchin'
Stalkin', heat sensin'
Can't have me Jet Jag's Rikki Tikki Tavi
Superhero hit zero to sixty
Hot pursuit, pedal to the floor
Handlin' lyrics, traction swervin'
Left right makin' head fix, layin' high stakes
Levitates, quick hit breaks
They fly past, hit wall, parts fly loose, killer mongoose
Fake niggas continue to practice the art of intimidation
Sterile minds conceive thought through artificial insemination
Syntax a sequential rage unless it's all deliberate
Angle wide words clear, but population stay illiterate
Consider it God's a fine power, fools get rid of it
Men build dreams on promises but lackin' the will to deliver it
You, I dissolve connivers like saliva on tic tacs
World is strange, but get the job done like sises mix max
Flip tracks, murder snakes, drunk niggas killin' six packs
Chokin' on venom, suffered tricknological kick backs
Poverty stricken minds, all thoughts barely worth two cents
Build history through time, many a design on blueprints
Anooshes slides in the sky, eight-five percent never knew
Wise men arise, pull files like internal revenue
Forever true, appalled? There's self evidence with leverage
Upset? The beast belly concoct homogenized beverage
Clever shit, calculate a sabotage trojan horse
Gift from ? see through any G motion that grows in force
Chose to toss to teach familiar line throughout the underworld
God of elevation kills Superman, rape Wondergirl
The discounted, decapitated rapist it's acceptable
The everyday occurrence a fatal outcome's inevitable
..Might as well join the forces boss
Chance take a loss like coin toss
Roll with the double headed nickel
Pawn the pawn a Jet Jag with the sickle you and a pickle
King Ghidra yo you ass betta leave 'em alone
Before ya go catch a seizure and leave 'em blown
If you ain't the best of the best in the top three
Either myself, I and me
Don't even think of caps
But act like you had a slight inkling perhaps
Or get smacked back in the ring like Bob Backlund
Ink jet black and wack...
"Hahahahahaha!
Hey, what's the meaning of this?"
"Shut up!"
"Hahahahahahahaha, young man.."