Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
(Hey!)
I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening
Let me know if y'all with me y'all
(Hey!)
Just a couple of things I wanna say..
I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase:
With more rhymes and more ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one:
Supervillian. He wrecks clubs for delf
In a drunken stupor chillin
Ready and willin to inadvertantly foil that
Plan of any rhymer, whiner or spoiled brat
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose?
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows?
Nobody knows
The trouble I see
From the MPV fly dirty tailin the eye bubble eye thirty
For the record this is some shit I just thought of y'all
Science fiction that's not admissable in no court of law
I live to rock mics 3-D
The only reason I seek to stop: to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke
With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me
Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts
They locks Lex Luthor up in green haven
Since when a nigga never really been to clean shaven
Misbehavin rap stars need Listamint
Call me Mista Bent
I'm at where your sister went
Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell (HEY!), tell a joke
This could lead to catastrophe
Bout to stop the violence
Right after these last three shots from the black bat got me at headlock
Holdin on to sanity, by strands of that dreadlock
She told me get off I said:
"Bitch!!
Let me set this shit off so I could get rich right quick"
Then it hit me like the point of intoxication
Nigga come out and rock this nation like ox defacin'
A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In the world's most strangest most dangerous occupation
But you could do it, you the Super like in your building
Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin
And it sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens, and more of they friends
And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true
Like a pack of Big Bambú, with natural glue
Who grip necks of Becks next to triple X?
He just came in 4D: Follow the ripple effects!
And it'll lead you right to him
Oh snap!
It seems you walked into a trap, through rap
Zoinks!
This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move, and get broke off! like end of Phillies
True believers
Ain't nothin new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh-
Rhyme of the month two page long
Bustin off two gages with my cape on wrong
Son it's on remind me of a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of super bad... Status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'alls with me y'all!
National and geographic down to the titty-bar
Rep Monster Island City yall!
To all my brothers who is doin' unsettling bids
You could have got away with it if it was not for them
Meddling kids!
(OVERR HEERRE!)